bug splat thinking something something.

I fogrogot what else oto say.

1/16/20
So I forgot what I wanted to right in the coding. So i realized that i have three variables for text. 
	MOB is for the log thingy
	MessageOutBox is an array
	MessageOB is a variable.
keep that in mind.
I'm still on the same function. I might have to do another array in an array so that the same phrase won't be repeated again and again.

So the divs aren't working at all. That's great.

1/29/20

I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IM DOING.
I forgot what i wanted to add to my code so yeah. There's that. And also, console.log isn't helping. F12 shows me nothing. I know I have to refer to something but idk what it is.
Now he log doesn't display. I was able to fix more than half of the thng because i did not call the function. Now that I did, I have to find my other mistake.
OOOMMMGG it finally workds. Keyword finally. Now I can just research some stuff and try to add in teh enhancements adn thats about it.

1/31/20
YAYYYY! I'm almost done witht eh project. I just have to do the enhacements and already I forgot about double equal signs...

Gotta make a checklist. Hold up for a minute.
	✓ Need 15 images of bugs
	_ If the user clicks on a bug that has already been splatted, nothing should happen.
	✓The bugs have a bank of comments that they will fire back each time one of them is splatted.
	✓While there are still at least 8 bugs left on screen, the bugs will be defiant.
	✓Once their numbers dip below that threshold, they will begin to beg for mercy.
	✓the comments should appear at random
	✓No comment should ever be used twice during a single execution of the page.
	✓At the very end of the splatfest, the comment should change to, “You’ve splatted us all.”
	✓After the last bug is splatted, the screen will change to show a big picture of a scary bug. The comment will read, “That’s it. Now Mamma’s angry!”
	
	So... I missed the "you splatted us all part"...
	I was able to delete all the images in the end of the game menaing the "momma bug" is now the only bug there. But the phrse now you kill us all is not there..Wait. What if i do bugount==1??? Maybe that'll work?
	
	It works. That means I'm prett much done. But I don't know my group members... Bruh why did none of them try to ask for my email...Are they not done though? I just realized that bug splat is one of the easiest projects to do.
	
2/4/20

	Anywho... I do not know my project members. That just sounds great. I am done with the project. I just need to find ym group members and give it to them. I just realized that this log isn't as great as the first one that I've done but oh well. I really don't care. This was one of the easiest projects I've done.
	
2/6/20
		So I am done with my project but nowe I have to review my level 3 project. Watch me never make it to level 6.
2/12/20
		ANNNYWADYS it didn't save. Now I don't remeber what i did on wednesday and be;lh. Anyyas, I have dsecieded tp add ana nnying mode. It is supoosed to be incredibly hard- ehihc is not working but oh welp. Not like there much I could do. it's pretty much done.
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	